okay so for now that model we finish for
the I shuttle park so we doing for their
pilot pack again so she's getting a
little bit dry color dry skin tone today
so be using a little bit buckling for
our light make her skin tone more
shining bright color I showed you about
them just using 23 beige color
remember will you do the powder pact or
losing powder take care of your side by
your face and do I major in here you
need to cover two
and don't get too strong by your face
pressure side like this part and this
problem
let's come with her father back that's
from Lily from the pressure and for our
model she said getting a really small
face so we don't need to use a peach
color cuz peach color can get make your
face a little bit smaller and how do you
use it just use our part and just use it
by this part don't you make your skin
the face more smaller and if you are
using for in a normal pink color be
using for the sport if you want more
lovely just using one this part so what
do you want we wanted one lovely or
natural park mmm another love picture he
is a pink one remember are you going
like the pressure don't use like this
he's just focus on it's ghost light down
with us and just remember love lee like
this one
see the different and if you want to
make it more stronger sure you can and
you can use or Russia or another part of
flailing products that's also powder to
you can try another part but make it
stronger
I guess what
and we have finished our lovely port and
we need to do the last one that's the
highlight the highlight can make your
face with the makeup more 3d looks so
there's a high like I've used by my hand
for yourself you can get your pusher
because this one is two in one the
highlight part on the top and then
underneath that's our auto shop
researcher and also have a really smell
flower smelling you could try that
measuring look good okay i'm using this
word highlighting loose or if you
convince this one scene
and in here
and if you want to make a little bit of
art and under the eye brand here you can
use a little bit
see the different
here's Elly oly from the lipstick they
have so many people their color that's a
normal beige color that's served dolly
pink and also they have the crap from
the beginner class you can let color
whip them lipstick and for now Rose
getting a really natural look from the
side so using you on the page color or
literature
you can choose
hi Mike
that's a natural look